I want everyone listening to know that Adam is on a Mac and I am on a Linux machine and the
audio problem is his fault. So readjust your perception of it.
It's so true.
No, no. I just met. I bet next week Twitter is going to launch the thing that I sent you
because they're going to. Oh, the video thing. Yeah, they're going to put videos up on the
front page the same way they put spaces. I mean, you think they're that fast though?
That was like a designer that put out a mock up. You think they're just going to that quickly?
Yeah, it probably won't be that quick, but I can see it being pretty quick.
I got to be honest. I was thinking about this yesterday.
And I know you haven't been using Twitter as much except to show up and piss everyone off and leave,
but I feel like there's more activity on it than ever. And if we think back to a year ago when
we were like, is it going to die? I don't know. To me, I feel like people are using it more than
they ever have. And there's all this new stuff coming out on it. So this is a really dumb observation
of mine, but I felt like it was pretty dead. And that's someone who hasn't been on there much this
summer. So that's probably why I felt like it was dead is not actually on there. But I do feel like
it's been reinvigorated from a DHH blog post and tweet. Man, everybody, it's so funny. Most of
what I've seen is just people reacting to the reaction of like, why is everybody talking about
TypeScript? Nobody cares. It's like, no, this is why we're here. This is why Twitter exists
for these moments. Like, I don't care about Twitter until something like this happens.
So like muting the word TypeScript, that sounds like you're missing the whole point of Twitter.
I know the right way to use Twitter is to hang out with your friends, all that stuff.
To me, the right way to use Twitter is to jump on all the exciting inflammatory wars.
Yeah, it's crazy though. Somehow, I like mostly missed all of this. Yesterday,
I think Jay linked in our channel, DHH post, I skimmed it and I was like, well, that sounds
about right. And then I just didn't see anything. And then later in the day, I started seeing like,
Theo's pull request, Darren's pull request at TypeScript repo.
And then everyone just being upset. Wait, what was that one? I didn't see that one.
I forgot what it was. I think he was removing TypeScript from the TypeScript repo or something
like that. Yeah. That's a lot of work though, if he actually made a legitimate PR.
I mean, both the PRs seem like a lot of work. I don't know what exactly they did.
Well, Theo just did a revert, right? He just reverted to DHH, his commit, I would think.
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. And of course, well, it's funny because I actually had no interest
really in talking about it because I don't know, it's just like such an old conversation that we
had a million times like types. Are they, do you need them? Are they good? Can you live without them?
Like, it's just the same conversation over and over. That conversation I don't care about,
but you care to talk about DHH anymore. And we've had that conversation a lot too.
Just how about that guy? Stir in the pie. He's so good at it.
It's funny because I, I've been trying not to let myself make this point because I know it's not
logical. But the last time he did this was around all the moving away from cloud stuff.
And even then I was just like, okay, it makes sense for them, but like has no impact on
anything that I think about or see. But people consistently reference that post. It constantly
referenced that post. Like it comes up like once a week, they're like, you know, with companies
like 37 signals moving away from the cloud, like is, is that the fate of every company?
Like people keep citing that. And he makes this post and I'm like,
this is not a rational point. But back in my head, I'm like, yeah, like this is the guy you've
been citing. Like do you so want to keep citing him now? Like the two points are unrelated.
No, people are going to use this. Yeah. They're going to, they're going to cite the TypeScript
article now. Every anti TypeScript person is going to come out and they're going to link this
article. Yeah, like in every reply. It's true. But I just feel like the number of people that are
maybe like anti cloud, I think that's a larger group than the number of people that are anti
can see like, yeah, I feel like cloud. Okay, I'm going to be honest. The cloud thing,
most people do not understand it well enough to have an opinion on it. So when they read that
article, I think people will defer to it to being like, see, they said this, therefore,
this point without really understanding any of the details, the TypeScript one, I feel like most
people get that it's kind of like an extreme, like maybe not so great point. So I don't think a
lot of people are like, he's right. I don't even think anti TypeScript people would cite this to be
honest. I feel like it just wasn't that compelling. Can I just say, I feel like your voice sounds
deeper. Did you like EQ your voice to be deeper? It sounds because I got my I hurt my throat and
my voice got really low. And you're like, Oh, man, I started smoking cigars. We talked about it last
last time. Got the gravel in there. The range of my voice goes up and down a lot. Oh, really?
It's always deep. But some days I wake up and just deeper than usual, it seems way deeper today. I don't
know. Maybe it's Twitter spaces. Maybe that's just something about maybe your voice on Twitter. Oh,
because it's a different crowd on Twitter. This is like people that you have like,
you've fought for these people. You're saying I'm acting different. You got to come out and be like,
yeah, you just kind of have a little different air to you, you know, a deeper voice. This does
point out to me that because we met in a work context. And she says that I'm lucky that I have
a deep voice because there's like a subtle boost to everything I say because it sounds more correct
or it sounds like it should be taking more seriously. She's like, you said that I probably have never
really worried too much about being taken seriously because there's like this subtle impact of having
a deeper voice. And I do think it's valid. Like all these little things affect people. The way
someone looks, you might take them more seriously or less seriously. Yeah, I'm tall. I've always
had that tall advantage, except on the internet, not so much. It doesn't really help me. You should
shift your camera so that your head's like a little bit frame. You can like see, yeah, you can see my
height, my camera angle, get my whole body in view. Yeah, but those things matter. Yeah, historically.
Yeah, I wonder as we move to the metaverse, I'm just kidding. So do you think DHH, do you think
they were able to remove TypeScript and not care because they didn't have in the end type safety?
Is it because they use rails and they're missing out on the glory of TypeScript front and back?
I think that the mistake that everyone is making is that the same mistake that everyone always makes,
which is assuming just because we're in tech, all their decisions have some rational thing that
we can take away some logic from. Half of our decisions, if not more, are just arbitrary.
This is an arbitrary decision from DHH. He doesn't like TypeScript. Why? He just doesn't like it.
It doesn't click for him. It doesn't feel good when he looks at TypeScript.
For me, when I look at TypeScript, it makes me feel good, also kind of arbitrary.
So I think they just removed it randomly. I think they're going to have some benefits that are
maybe objectively rational. There's already a ton of downsides if you saw all the screenshots
people are pulling from the comments on the repo. I posted one of them. Whether they're like,
they already have like bugs from removing TypeScript or like things that are confusing.
But yeah, this is just a random decision. It's funny that everyone reacts to it
with a bunch of rational reactions, but it's like rolling the dice from my point of view.
So, DHH, a little young impressionable to ask was such a DHH fan when remote came out or whatever.
Like he was pretty influential in your early career. And then he came out,
and he came out swinging against the cloud, against TypeScript. Where you at on the DHH
love-hate scale. I think the way I think about people. I feel like people are so complex that I
don't like just being like, "This person now sucks." I have to give them credit for what they did,
right? The thing I always say is there was a time where DHH was extremely contrarian
and extremely correct. In a world where nobody agreed with the way he viewed building companies.
And he pushed the bar on that, put in the work to publish books on it to spread
this concept of working remotely. And now people love this, and they're all grateful that people
that can't work remotely, they're grateful for it. His work did impact that. His company was one
of the leading voices in one building remotely, and two building companies that maybe didn't have
to follow the traditional VC path. Yeah, like small company. Yeah. So I kind of provide
inspiration from people that didn't want to go to the VC path and saw that, "Okay, I can still have
what I want if I go down the bootstrap path." So yeah, I gave them credit for that. And just
because they're saying a bunch of stuff that I don't agree with anymore, I can't take that away.
That's all still there. Plus, I love racing. And it was awesome to see someone that was an engineer
that became a race car driver. That is just cool. He did that, didn't he?
I'm sorry if you hate DHH, but that's just a cool thing. If you look up a picture of him,
he's in a race car outfit. That is cool. Yeah, I've seen the race car. I think I've seen him
sitting in a Formula One car. So what did he do? Did he compete in real races?
Yeah, I think his big thing was the 24-hour... This is a French name, and I always sound weird
saying. It's Le Mans. Le Mans? I don't know how to pronounce it, but it's like a really famous race,
a 24-hour race where you do it and shifts with your team. So I think that was the thing he mostly
competed in. And there are obviously different classes of vehicles, and there was a good specific
class that he was in. It doesn't matter if you win or not. Driving those vehicles at those speeds
on those roads is extremely hard. Most people can't do that. Oh, it's very, very difficult.
Speaking of someone that spent hours in the simulator, and I've kind of crashed a lot of cars in the
simulator. Like a physical simulator or just like a video game? Like a video game? But I had like
the VR setup. I had the wheels at the pedals. Like as much as you can go at home. Yeah, like a pretty
good setup. And the software that I use was like very accurate as well as far as you can get at home.
That sounds awesome. Wait, do you not still have this setup? I do. I just don't have it set up. I had
it in New York. Does it work? It also works. I just haven't set it up again. Me and my friends
were really into it for a while. Like we'd spend like a couple hours every day in the simulator
racing together. That is awesome. I would love to try this out if ever I'm in Miami.
Yeah. I'm going to make you set everything up. You actually visit. That's the next time you guys
do a family vacation, consider. No, I think we will. Yeah, we're definitely going to do it.
We were just talking about our next vacation. Life has just been man. Life is so hard. I don't
know if it's the ages of our kids. We're just constantly thinking of how do we get them out of the house?
How do we go somewhere? So like our next vacation will not be to the beach. That's the only reason
we wouldn't come to Miami. We want to go somewhere else. But we're not really sure. Like we thought,
oh, like a like a national park, like a hiking vacation, but our three-year-olds you just can't,
they don't hike. Like, and I get tired carrying them. So I don't know. We're going to go somewhere
not the beach. And then we'll probably come to like Miami, South Florida, something like that.
So in my neighborhood, there's a place 10 minutes away by walk. And it's like this really good
vegan place. Everyone loves it. But I've never been there because I'm like, if Adam ever visits
me, that's when I'll go there. So I'm saving a visit to that place. Because I'm like, I'm not
going to eat vegan food unless I have to get Adams here. Unless you have to. Yeah, that's a good reason.
Yeah. And now that sound, I'm intrigued. I want to go to this restaurant, this mysterious vegan
restaurant. People love it. It's actually, it's in a bunch of, I've seen it in New York also. I think
it's called Planta, P-L-A-N-T-A. But people love it. And everyone says it's really good, but you know,
I'll never know until you visit me. So I think there's a jiu-jitsu, like a IBJJF tournament in Miami.
I can't remember when. You're going to come fight. But that would be a good excuse. It's not
a fight. It's what's a verb. Sparring, rolling. I mean, we call it rolling, but in a tournament
setting, I don't know what they call it. Matches? I don't know. I'll find out. I'll let you know.
Matches? I'm going to travel around the country as a white belt and compete.
Is that what people do? No. So you're still going this? Is it this weekend?
No, it's the 23rd, the Kansas City tournament. Did anyone else sign up in your class yet?
Not in my way, not in my way, class yet. We'll see. TBA. T-B-D. What? What's TBA?
To be announced. I don't know. To be announced. No. To be determined.
You're tired. What's going on? TBA. Does it work?
I'm physically rundown. It's just been sickness in the house. It's just been, it's been a nightmare.
Just the boys, like, they are very at each other right now. Do not, do not spread your
side. It's like the age gap. It is so delicate. I think ours are just a little too far apart,
but they're just explosive together. The eight-year-old, you would think he'd just play down with the
three-year-old, but he gets invested in what he's doing. The three-year-old just destroy it for the
fun of it, and it just becomes this knockdown screaming at each other. I just feel like if they
were like a year closer or a year farther apart, it would have been better. But at least at this
age, I'm sure they'll grow out of it. I can't leave him in a room alone. My brother is 10 years
younger than me, so we never fought the way siblings fight because I got a 10-year-old. It's not
going to beat up a one-year-old. No, you're like a parent. Exactly. You probably didn't play that
much together when he was little. It's like you're more watching him. Yeah. I mean, we played a good
amount because I like playing with little kids because you can just make up any thing you want,
and those kind of go along with it, so I enjoyed it growing up playing with him. And all of my
parents' friends are really, really young kids, so I was kind of used to that. But yeah, there's
always a weird zone. So the weird zone for me was probably closer to now, where I'm very much an
adult and I'm really settling down. And my brother's in a frat. He's in a complete-- I cannot relate
to anything he's doing. He's in a frat. Oh, wow. That's wild. He's doing his summer internship
on Wall Street in New York. He's DJing at a club at night. It's just like a completely different
world. I can't relate to any of it. He just makes fun of me because I just seem really,
really old to him. But it's just a 10-year gap. Things change a lot in that time.
I mean, your whole life has changed in the last 10 years. I know this because I know all the
things I've been doing for 10 years. Yeah. My life started 10 years ago, basically.
It really did. Yeah. So is his just not starting? I mean, maybe instead of Neil
then an arch, his starts with fraternities and DJ situation. He's not an engineer. He's a finance
bro. That's the path he's going down, which is good. I hope he becomes good at what I really need
is I need him to become good at enterprise sales. That's like this skillset that's not
in my zone. You don't have that in your inner circle. I don't have that. Either that or he's
not going to become a product designer. I would love a product designer that is related to me.
That would be awesome. Oh, yeah. But things far from that. I used to wish I had a lawyer in the
family. Not so much anymore. Yeah. Product designer. That would be amazing. There's something about
the enterprise sales thing. So SST, you guys need like, you guys actually have to sell the big
enterprises, don't you? Yeah. I mean, we're very focused on type of company we want to build. So
we're not like, we want to get as far as we can avoiding building like an actual enterprise sales
team. I don't think we were going to need to for a while. I think we can hit like, I'll just show
them your Twitter. It's like, here's your, here's your sales. I got to keep them away from my Twitter.
But we do have these giant, giant companies that use us. And now that we have like an actual product
that they can pay for, it's unrealistic to expect that there's going to sign up for it and have
their credit card. You know, it's like W is not going to be like, okay, we're going to add the BMW
credit card to the Stripe. Check out flow they have. So it's going to require some amount of
outreach, but it really shouldn't look like a typical enterprise sales process, I hope.
But you know, this is tweeting about this morning, I was talking about how
even at the small scale, we're at a large portion of our users want to self-host
the product that we built. So obviously, we have to see the open source thing. That's obviously
by nature, self-hosted because there's a point resource into your account. But now our product
that works with it, which we launched as like a hosted offering that you sign up for.
And we talked about before, there's like a ceiling on the type of companies that will sign up and
put in their credit card. But we have companies like like BMW or like Samsung or Tesla, like they're
not going to do that. So they needed it all deployed in their AWS account. So from the beginning, we
knew this was going to be the case when we built our product, we made sure that there was like a
reasonable pathway to self-hosting it without it being a ton of work for us.
And that's one of the reasons why I struggle to use a lot of these third party like dev tools,
because as good as they can be and as useful as they can be, I can't just go and like if I'm
using clerk, for example, I can't be like, oh, let me just Samsung self-host our product,
but then like the audit is still done through clerk, it just doesn't work. So you kind of
look at it and how much you can use third party services like that.
That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just thinking like small team thing, it's like enterprise sales
really does kind of conflict with that few number of people. Are there any examples
of like the model tiny companies that have to have the enterprise sales stuff? Like I think of,
we talked about like tailwind labs, big and awesome tiny company doing big stuff, but they
don't probably have the enterprise sales problem. Are there examples of people?
I don't think there is, but weirdly, I think our old product is a weird example of this. So seed,
I just keep discovering more stuff about it because, in other words, we're the steep for two years,
guys have never looked at that hard. I looked at their pricing page out there,
our pricing page like two months ago, and I was like, wait, what are all these things?
So they actually, you know how there's usually like free tier, pro tier enterprise tier contact
us? Yeah. Instead of a contact us, but they actually just listed all the prices of everything.
Like they did not bother doing the whole contact us thing. So there's like all the enterprise
add-ons and like it just, it just priced there. So because they didn't want to just deal with
that whole process. They couldn't handle. Yeah. That's two people. So and it all works. It all
worked. And then it is, again, it's not like the extreme of a completely self-serve, but it's also
not the extreme of, you know, three month sales process either. So there are some benefits to
gating that stuff behind a contact us. But I think for us, we really need to lean as much
as we can towards self-serve. And it's not going to be perfect, but I think we'll land
somewhere that's better than most companies. But like I said, I don't think I can think of an
example. So we might have to like, I think we're like, in this case, we're like trying to be
flexed at the example. Yeah. Can you like outsource enterprise sales? Is there like a
enterprise sales as a service? You can just like sign up. Pretty much most of the companies I've
worked at had that kind of process because we were in some, I think the good thing here is we
sell to developers and developers like understand this process and don't like it. So they're kind of
in favor of like, even if it's enterprise company, they'll try to move stuff along quickly. But my
previous experiences selling to non tech companies, like in the healthcare space, you can't avoid
the process because there's just so many little weird dynamics, politics, and all these little
things that start to come into play. Yeah. And I get there's no avoiding it. Like, I don't think
you can outsource it. It's all dumb. It's all dumb and pointless. There's no reason it has to be that
way. But it'll be like, I mean, it helps you and hurts you. So I remember one situation where,
yeah, we started talking to an executive at a healthcare company and they needed something
to show to the other people, the company that they were like really innovative. And they're like,
really like putting their bar and like thinking about tech. So it's a very smooth process because
that person had this weird like political reason to like want to use us to show that he's like,
you know, progressive or whatever. But then there's other people, the company that
don't want him to succeed personally and don't care about your product, even if they like your
product. So then that gets in your way. So yeah, yeah, all that stuff is just like,
that's kind of what you need your sales team for that their time gets burned and like navigating
these is not easy. It's hard. And like, people are very good at navigating this, but that's kind of
where the effort and the resources go. So I looked at Twitter and there's friends here. We have friends
in the Twitter space. It's nice to see you all. Yeah. It's the first time we've recorded the
podcast on a Twitter space. We tried the Twitter live thing. Nobody saw it because there's no
discoverability. Yeah. It's what we're blaming on. Well, there's more people here than there was
the Twitter live. So I hope they'll merge it together, but it looks like they will.
That'd be great. Yeah. We haven't streamed on Twitch and forever. Are you ever going to stream on
Twitch again? Man, I don't know how long my gap has been now. I think it's definitely over a month,
maybe two months now. I don't think I've streamed. I don't know. Wow. Like, aside from we've probably
streamed the podcast. Yeah. I haven't done like a normal stream. You haven't done like a standalone.
Yeah, habit I had for a while. And I think I just got so busy that working on Twitch for me is so
productive, but it's always going to be X percent less productive. Like, let's say 20 percent was
productive in the best case scenario. I never had that problem. I would say maybe like three to five
percent less. I don't think I literally I think I feel like your best case stream that I ever saw,
you were maybe like, okay, I know where this 10 X less productive. That's like the best case.
Sometimes it was shocking how slow you were going. I couldn't believe it.
There were streams I didn't I literally didn't accomplish anything. Yeah, I'm going to TwitchCon.
And I feel like I got a stream before TwitchCon. So I don't just walk in like it's been six months,
but I use stream. What's up, everybody? Are you are you guys planning anything? Well,
they're surprises. There's a lot of there's a lot of like for us for like us as the audience.
Like, are you guys in a stream from there? You know, oh, no, we hadn't talked about
none of that was in the plants. That should be that should be the plan. You have to do something.
I'll take a camera. I've got cameras. I'll bring a camera and I'm going to turn it on when we're
hanging out at some bar doing whatever we're going to do. Yeah. I mean, there's talks of like,
places we're all going to hang out. I just I don't think it's talked about like doing some kind of
live thing. That'd be fun. I mean, you guys are all together. I think they did that when yeah,
remember they're all in San Francisco together. They do that occasionally. Okay. Well, we'll do it.
I guess you just do it for your phone. Can you just stream from your phone? Oh, yeah, you can.
Because I don't know how to do it. I guess if I had Wi-Fi, which has a thing.
They call it something. Actually, it's actually a different format and they call it something
different. IRL or something which IRL. IRL is an IRL stream. I don't know. Am I going to become
an IRL streamer? I'm going to get a GoPro and I'm going to walk around Las Vegas and you're going
to be able to see my hands like a first person shooter. It's going to be awesome. Speaking of IRL,
so even we know live in San Francisco, how come it seems like they never hang out? I feel like
if I lived in SF. Do a lot of people we know live in San Francisco still? Because I know a lot of
people that left. Me too, but if you have to take one city that has the most, it probably is still
SF, I assume. Yeah, I guess so. Trash is outside of San Francisco. He's still in that area, right?
Are you nearly? Wait, trash? I mean, I don't want to dox trash. He's right here. I'm pretty sure he's
in the Bay area. Oh, really? Okay. I'm pretty sure. He has LA vibes to me. I could be wrong.
LA vibes to hear that trash. It's the Santa Claus hat, isn't it? You're around Santa Claus hat.
I think it's something else. Yeah, but I feel like they I don't really see people hanging out
together as much. No, that's a good point. I guess like, yeah, I don't know. Are there really like
hubs in our little friend group? I don't really feel like there's more than two people in any one
place. But yeah, maybe that's the issue. Maybe no, maybe it's not like a threshold.
Now, when are we doing the big party thing? I guess React Miami next year was just going
to be a party, right? Yeah, I mean, they're going to announce it officially on the 24th, I think.
They've been teasing videos of things. I'm excited for it. They were talking to me,
they're still going to try to keep it at 500 people. At what not? What? Last year, they always
only sold 500 tickets and they're not going to try to make it any bigger. Oh, it's exclusive.
Yeah, there's all this. It's a small, intimate setting. Yeah, so you know, some foam grab those
tickets when they come out because they're going to they're going to sell out fast. How about that?
I didn't know this. I'd never heard of a tech conference like preventing people from buying
like having a limited number. Well, no, there's always a ceiling because like the venue can only
support so many, but typically conferences try to grow every year because they just get bigger
every year. Like I went to render and they talked about how it doubled every year for three or four
years. Yeah, so but you're saying eventually like they do cap out when they can't get space.
Yeah, but but React Miami is capping out like lower than most people most conferences do. So,
because they want it to be like elite. No, I actually don't think it's that. So Michelle,
who runs a conference, she's a really smart and she like thinks about this stuff a lot and she
goes to a lot of conferences and she really thinks about the dynamics of it. And she was telling me
that she feels that after 500, like once they're getting closer to 750, it starts to hit that phase
where this reverse thing happens where there's more people there, but everyone's kind of overwhelmed.
So they're more likely to stick very tightly to the people they know and not really like branch
out as much and the people that typically serve as bridges to different groups of people,
because they know like people from different groups. Yeah, they also start sticking closer to
like their primary group. And she feels like it just turns into this different thing. And if you
remember re-invent, which is like the extreme of that, that's exactly what happened. We stuck
with the same people and we physically stuck in the same place for like the whole conference.
We just sat in that same room. I mean, even render was was intense for me. I think I did that. I stuck
with the people I knew and I didn't really try to branch out. So the thing that was nice about
React Miami is I feel like I think it hit that nice zone where there's a lot of people I knew
and I was excited to go hang out with them. But when we were hanging out, it wasn't this thing
where other people couldn't join in. So it was like 50% people and 50% people that was meeting.
So I think, yeah, she thinks really hard about those like little social dynamics and
figuring out exactly like how to optimize that. She also talked about there's this whole like
opportunity cost thing that's always in the back of someone's head. Like, am I talking to this person
for too long? Am I missing out something else? So there's a, yeah, there's all this psychology
to it, which is, yeah, I guess you're wearing a conference is the type of stuff that you would
really think hard about. Yeah, no, that's when did the tickets go on sale?
Cause I'm going to have to be a really bird on the hook. I am. I've already got photo.
They said they're going to announce just the conference itself. They've been doing teasers
this whole week, but you should follow the account at react Miami conf. I should follow the account.
I might be following it. And yeah, I think they're launching October 2nd. So they're going to launch
like this site in the tickets. I'm assuming October 2nd. October 2nd. I don't even know if
I'll do a talk this year. I'm pretty excited. I'm definitely going to that one. You're not going
to do a talk. I don't even know because even last year, I was like really reaching for a topic that
I knew about that was related to react. And I'm like, at this point, when this conference
happens, it's going to be like three years since I really, really like used react.
I'm like, I can't keep getting talks at react. I mean, when I'm just not a react user.
It's funny. You didn't know you didn't wear your solid shirt, did you?
No, you know why? Because I have a, I only have a solid sweatshirt, which it's an awesome
sweatshirt. And I love it. But I'm not wearing a sweatshirt in Miami, even for a second.
Yeah, Miami. That's, that's too hot. Yeah. A lot of people do sweatshirts of swag,
and I'm just like, I can never participate. I don't need sweatshirts.
Because we're all, it's the Silicon Valley bias. It's all these startups buying swag and
Silicon Valley where you need a sweatshirt. Yeah. Oh, it's, it's, it's so chilly. I need a
sweatshirt. It's so chilly. That's like most people in tech. It's like 65. I never, I never
experienced that at all. So I like, it's starting to get a little cooler here. Like the humidity's
kind of left. So the evenings are cool. I love it so much. I'm such a sucker for fall. It's all
the stereotypes, the pumpkins and the bombs and all that stuff. Yeah. Love it. Yeah. The weather
right here right now is also, I think it's what people, people say is like the best weather
of the year in Miami. So those were asking me, she was like, Oh, like, you know, it's your first
year. Like how you like, you know, can you like tell there's like different seasons and stuff? And
I'm like, yeah, I guess technically like it was like a little too hot a month ago. And now it's like
good. But it's so subtle compared to where we live in the Northeast where it was like the
colors you see are just completely different. Like in the summer, everything's green and like
bright. And then in the fall, it's all like crazy colorful and kind of dull in the winter. It's like
all gray and white. Yeah, you're just so subtle. There are seasons, but they're just like very,
very subtle. We the six months we lived in Naples was like the snowbird season. Like we moved down
in December and came back and like whatever it was, April May, I don't remember. May day was
perfect. But the weather there over the winter, I get it. I get the South Florida thing in the
winter. It's nice. We swam in February. It was great. We're uh, we're entering hurricane season
right now. So that's like our weird time of the year. Um, we had a. Oh, right. We had a guy come to
the house and he's like the tree guy like manages all the trees. And he was telling me a bunch of
stuff. He like cut a bunch of trees, like the branches off them. And they look like really not
good right now. They look like they've been like butchered. And I'm just like, uh, like this is
going to grow back. And he's like, Oh, yeah, don't worry. Like they grow back really fast. And like,
I did this two years ago. So whatever you saw, like that happened in two years. But he was telling
me that it's crazy complicated. So certain trees, uh, there's one called a sea grape. They have
these really strong big sturdy leaves. And you would think, okay, big sturdy. That's good for
a hurricane. But it turns out they like retain a bunch of water. And because they're strong,
they kind of help pull the tree down during a hurricane. Oh, those trees. Like if you don't
manage them, they like just are completely completely told during hurricane. So everyone's
kind of like vaguely like prepping for, for stuff. I never thought about like pruning trees ahead
of her. Yeah, that's crazy. Yeah, you gotta do like a lot like that tree. It's called the sea
grape. He's saying there's like not even that many left in in Miami because they had the first
to go in in hurricanes. The tree that I have in the front right is is it's like this 80 year old
tamarind tree. And that survived all the hurricanes and everything over the year. So yeah, if you
maintain them, they'll be fine. I'm so glad I don't think about hurricanes. We just we have tornadoes.
Do you actually have tornadoes? Like what does that mean? Like do you like worry about it? Do
you know people that have been like, uh, well, Joplin is like an hour from me. They were completely
wiped off the face of the earth, like 10 years ago. Oh, wow. I mean that like that it was a it was
like a dual, uh, dual. What do they call like a tornado with two counts? Scouts or cones. Yeah,
whatever there. Yeah. It was a dual, but it was an F five and it just completely destroyed Joplin.
You can look it up, uh, like half the city. I want to say like half the buildings were destroyed.
I mean, it was, it was intense. And it kind of snuck up on them. Like there was a graduation that
day and there's all kinds of stories. So yeah, it was a mess. I mean, that's, that's not that far
from. I know Oklahoma, Kansas, like they get a lot of tornadoes too. I don't know. It feels like
it has shifted the last like five years. I don't feel like we get as many tornado warnings.
Uh, and I do feel like the southeast has had a lot of tornadoes in the last five years. Like we
had to turn things changed. Yeah. Yeah. It's weird. Like Mississippi, Alabama, like there's been a
lot of kind of weird patterns with tornadoes that maybe that's a shift with climate stuff. I don't
know. Yeah. Turn it. But it does feel like the last five years we've had less of it. But I mean,
I've lives are a lot of like close. We had a neighbor, had a tree land on the roof. I mean,
like that's the closest call probably I've ever had to a tornado. But when I was growing up,
I was really scared of tornadoes because I don't know if you remember, they were just,
you know how like the certain types of movies get popular. I feel like tornado movies were super
in during. Oh, Twister. Yeah. That was a good one. That show like tornado chasers or something
like that. There was those people that would like drive the trucks into the tornadoes and stuff.
The storm chaser. Yeah. Yeah. So I was really scared of tornadoes and I was like terrified
as a kid. Uh, is there anything you can do? Like, I know you're supposed to go in the basement or
something like is there anything you can do with this tornado approaching? I mean, yeah, we always,
we are in the basement in a shower, like a bath tower, a bath shower combo with like couch
cushions over us. You see, that's really scary. That was the drill as kids. Yeah. Now thinking
about it, that is kind of traumatic, but we, it was just the thing we did. Like when the tornado
sirens were going off, you're in the tub with couch cushions on your head. I don't know if that's
a good idea. Now we have like a concrete like a enclosed safe room. Uh, like it's fully enclosed
concrete, but that's where we go. If there's a real bad storm. Uh, yeah. That's basically it.
That's basements. That's why like trailers are so dangerous in the Midwest. Like looking around.
You don't want to live on. Yeah. Something like that. I can get tossed around. I mean,
there's been like like SUV, like wrapped around tree situations. Joplin. I saw an SUV wrapped around
a big tree. I mean, that kind of stuff is crazy just to think that the wind, I guess the tornado is
tossing large vehicles. Uh, it's not good. Yeah, that's really crazy. Like the guy was also telling
me that he saw me about Hurricane Andrew, which was in 1992. And he was saying, so remember I was
telling you like a week ago that I think I'm on like an area that doesn't flood weirdly enough.
Uh, so he was, he was actually explaining it to me that there's actually this shelf that goes around
kind of where I live. And it's actually the highest point in South Florida. So the area that
I mean, like just doesn't flood. But on the other side of the shelf, 65 feet above sea level,
highest point in all of Florida. Yeah. Uh, but he melts back. Yeah. If you're, if you're in South
Florida and it's flooding, come to my house. I'll save you. He was saying that the other side of
the shelf, uh, there were boats that were dropped three miles inland and then the, the waters receded.
So people had like yachts, sailboats, just dropping their front yard. And I mean,
the house was like covered in mud also, but yeah, there was all these stranded, stranded boats and
like, this is so much work to clean up. Like sometimes I like spill stuff on the ground in my
kitchen and I'm just like, this is like so annoying. I got to clean all this up. And I'll imagine like
spilling stuff across the whole city. And you're cleaning up every little thing. Like that's so
much work. Oh, no, kid. How do you, how does somebody move a yacht that's like sitting in a lawn?
That sounds like how the cranes come in. And I don't even know. Yeah. It's some crazy damage.
But it's also, it's also amazing how there's no sign of this at all. There's like no, like the
area it all gets picked up there. I was in was not flooded, but the wind was so crazy that all the
trees got stripped and a bunch of them are destroyed. But I have my perception of where I live is like
just crazy amounts of dense trees and everything is like thriving and everything. But it all got
reset 20 years ago, but it's back now. Huh. Yeah. The humans are pretty capable of
recovery cleaning stuff up our bodies individually. And then also just collectively these disasters.
I watched the movie last night. This is totally unrelated. But if you watch the movie in a while,
our movies good. I think movies are bad now. Okay. First of all, I watch movies all the time.
You know, I like just consume a crazy amount of stuff to do you. You see, you watch them. I
thought you never watch movies. This is like, I don't. And my wife and I decided last night to
watch a movie. Yes. And it was, it was just a giant waste of time. Was it like an hour in,
she was on her phone. I don't know what it was called. It was a Netflix movie. It was like,
what's the girl? She's on the office, I think. Unbreakable. Kimmy Schmidt. Yeah. What's her name?
What's her name? She was in it. They went like hiking. I don't know. Okay. It's just like.
I don't know. You you watch a movie like once a year and you just chose some random Netflix
movie. So, okay, here's the thing from my point of view. I've seen a lot of movies.
So when I want to watch a movie, it's a struggle because like there's not all the stuff that's
really good I've seen. You, on the other hand, you haven't seen anything. So you have, you have
this gift, you have this gift where there's just like thousands of incredible films for you to watch
and then you choose the random. Are these thousands of incredible films? Are they on Netflix?
Because we just opened up Netflix and we're like, let's find something. Do you have like a list
that you're waiting to watch a movie? Just go to the list. And I'll give you a recommendation.
Okay. Personal recommendation for the mood that you're in, I will find you something that is on
Netflix. Oh, the mood that generally the mood that we're in is, oh my God, why is life so hard?
So if you could find us a good movie for that where we don't get on our phones an hour in,
that'd be great. Pop and Hymer, give you some perspective on your little worries.
No, that's a theater. We have to go into a theater for that, right? Yeah. And eventually you want.
Do movies make it on the Netflix? Is that the place to watch good movies?
Well, trash is here in the audience. You can probably tell you. Yeah, trash. Do the good movies
end up on Netflix or is it just for Netflix movies? Someone like you that hasn't seen a lot,
there's enough stuff. There's enough good stuff on Netflix that you don't have to worry about that.
Yeah. I'll wait for your word. You tell us what's worth watching. But I'm not convinced that long
form video content isn't on the way out. It just felt like an ancient relic trying to watch a movie.
I think your attention span has been eroded to nothing. Is that what it is? Am I projecting
that on everybody? Is this not everybody's attention span? I think it's what you're describing is
extremely common. So this is really funny clip of a so Oppenheimer came out and I think any reasonable
person will agree. It's like an incredible film. But there's this clip of Logan Paul being like,
yeah, I walked out 20 minutes in and like it was just boring. It was just people talking.
And then someone made a clip of, you know how on TikTok, they like show you two things at once.
They show you like the subway surfer. Have you seen this? Oh, yeah.
Because people can't focus on it. So we made a clip of Oppenheimer, but that Minecraft stuff,
like the Minecraft things on the side so that when people get bored, they can look at that because
that, yeah, I think people's attention spans are are eroding. I don't think it's just you. But
I think, I don't know, to me, I find it crazy. I'm like these movies, some of these moves are so
engaging where I just cannot believe how fast the time flew because they're so good. Really?
And it's so deeply impactful. I used to feel that way. Yeah. Well, I didn't feel that way.
I don't know if I was ever deeply impacted. I feel like if you watch the right movie,
you can have the experience that I'm describing. I don't think it's on his way.
If it is, that's kind of crazy. And that would be my first experience of being extremely out
of touch and being like, oh, remember the good old days when we had movies? That would be really
crazy to me. What's weird to me? I don't feel like I am consuming the things that would probably
drive attention spans down. I'm not on TikTok. That's true. I don't watch a lot of short-form
video stuff. I don't consume media much. Why am I? I guess I'm on Twitter. Would Twitter
erode my attention span? To some degree, I think. But you're right. You're not someone that is
exposing themselves that much to that stuff. Yeah. I don't know. I just think you picked a
bad movie. I think it's that simple. We probably did. It was just pretty dumb.
Yeah. I do notice, though, the bar for the movie has to be higher for him to be really engaged
with it. Otherwise, it'll be on his phone. Liz's sister is kind of a summer situation.
Well, something is going on, but man, if movies are on their way out, I'm gonna be sad. I love
movies. Maybe just bad movies. Maybe they'll just be fewer good movies, like fewer really quality
movies that'll stick around. I want more really good movies. Good documentary. I can remember
watching documentaries and being on the edge of my seat. Oh, interesting. Oh, you mean like those
like when there's information to be gleaned. It's because you're just a tech bro that's trying to
optimize every moment. I am. It's like, I can't spend time wasting my time learning or watching
some fiction story. It's got to be raw information that's upgrading my life.
So how are you? How are you? Are you coming to terms with your new identity as a tech bro?
You know, it sucks so hard because I realize it actually is true. Like I just actually am this
person and it's then I started like kind of doing half satire tweets and I'm like, actually, I believe
half this stuff. So what am I doing? Like I'm making fun of myself. Like I just listened to
Huberman and like I'm making a joke about all of us tech bros listening to Huberman. Like, wait a
minute. What is going on? I actually am the person who stopped making fun of this person.
I don't want to be that person. Like I feel like I view those people negatively. Why would I be
that person and view them negatively? I don't understand that because you guys suck. That's why.
I guess I guess though, at least I'm self-aware. I'm a self-aware tech bro.
Maybe I don't even like tech bros. I don't even like myself. So it's okay if you don't like me.
We were taught me unless we're talking about it yesterday about your tweet yesterday and she
explained to me why she found it annoying. She was like, we literally don't have anything anymore.
We can't eat bad food. We can't not exercise. We have to do everything. We have nothing good
in our life anymore. The coffee is the last thing we have. And then Adam is trying to take it away.
Take it away from me. But you don't drink coffee. No, I don't. She just loves. She has like
whole rituals and habits around coffee. It's like, yeah, big for her. And what sucks is like I
actually, I totally empathize with that. I loved coffee. I would still drink it if Casey weren't so
opposed. She just doesn't like the smell and the smell on me and all of the side effects. I love
the smell. I hate the taste, but I love the smell. I did too. Yeah. And maybe she wouldn't mind the
smell of it roasting. It's the smell of it like on my breath or just like me smelling like a pot
of coffee all the time. She doesn't like that part of it. And she just doesn't like like anything
that has a hold of you, like that you're addicted to that you have to have or you just feel like
a worthless human being. So I would totally be a coffee drinker. And I understand coffee drinkers.
I didn't ever mean to be like, you're wrong. I guess I did say you're doing it.
Yeah. There's no defense. But I go ahead. I just want to share a good thing with the world, you know,
like here's an alternative. No, you wanted to hurt the world. For those who can't drink coffee
hurts the world. I wanted to hurt everyone. I want to watch the world burn. So here's a funny thing.
I was talking to Alan and I think your claim might actually be like
not necessarily true. You're claiming the thread. Oh, really? Because
obviously when you don't drink coffee and you then you drink coffee, like randomly,
you feel the effects a lot. It's like very observable. You feel the effects. Yeah.
But it's the research. It's not clear. No one's been able to prove that even if you drink it every
day and you don't feel the effects, you might still be getting the same benefit. It's just not
observable. So it's like unclear whether like taking a break and then using it sparingly actually
has any positive effect you get from it, you might be just you could just drink it every day and you
might still be getting it. It's not very clear. Okay. So two things. First, I don't really believe
in papers or science. So I'm going to take all that with a grain of salt. But that was a joke
because that's what you say. Two, so you're saying people who drink it every day are also
getting that same high. They just get it every day. No, no, sorry. You might not feel it every day.
Okay, let's say, okay, let's say you can, this is completely made up, but let's say
you do some tasks that can be measured. You do it without coffee, you do it with coffee,
and let's say with coffee, you could do a 20% better. It's not clear that using coffee every
single day doesn't make you just make you 20% better every single day. And if you can't really
feel the coffee affecting you. Yeah, yeah. So the like what I'm saying is that if you drink it every
day, you lose that benefit. Like you're now just like dependent on it. It's like you go from having
the plus 20% days to every day is minus 20% until you have coffee. That's my view of it
from the outside now. That's how I felt that like I was I was losing the ability to have this like
high on caffeine and it was just I needed caffeine. But you're saying that's not proven. It's possible
that you could just have it every day if you just drink it every day. Yeah. So Liz is listening
right now and she's messaging me being like, you're wrong. Can't you tell me that I'm wrong?
Because she listened to this thing from Michael Pollan about coffee. I do remember she did this
where. Oh, I listened to that too. I listened to Michael Pollan's. Is it a book about coffee? I
listened to the whole thing. Yeah. I think it's like a shorter thing he did. I mean,
it was a short. Yeah. I was on a whole. Yeah. I listened to it. Yeah. I think, I think.
Big Michael Pollan. I think she's saying in his experience, he thought, I actually don't know
what the point she's making. I don't know. She just has me saying that I'm wrong. That's all.
I remember now. I think he did talk about this. And I got to say to Liz because I tried to tell
this to my wife. She did not appreciate it. But I love the ending where he like all the whole book.
It's like maybe shouldn't do caffeine and then he goes against the coffee. I love it so much.
Well, that's that's the thing. He was like, here's everything. But I just freaking like it. So I'm
going to keep doing it. That's what I'm still going to get coffee. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was good.
I enjoyed it. I told that started my life. And this was like, she knew I wanted to still drink
coffee. And she's like, you would read a book just to like justify your drinking coffee.
The ultimate sin of drinking coffee. It's terrible. Can't believe everyone does it for
thousands of years. You terrible thousands of years? Okay. It's been a long time. Everybody
always talks about that. Like coffee and tea have been around forever. So it's good for you.
There you go. I got to go work out. Speaking of good for you. I took pre-workout like an hour and
a half ago. I'm such a tech bro. I took pre-workout. I'm such a tech bro. I don't want to be a tech
bro. I did something stupid yesterday. The gym. So I like, I was like, now that I'm like feeling
better off my knee, I started working out again. So I was trying to ease back into the deadlift.
So I racked the weights and I was like, okay, I'm going to do less than I was doing before.
So I don't know, like hurt myself again. And then I did my set and I was like, wow, that was the
hardest it's ever been. I like really atrophied in those three weeks that I took that break. And
I was feeling really bad. Then I look at the weights and somehow, I don't know how I did this.
I miss red 20 kilograms as 20 pounds. So I accidentally wracked like 40 pounds more than I normally
normally do. And I did it. So that was cool. Your knee is better than ever. So I was like,
great, I can do it. Just need a little rest. I felt it was, I need to go down a little bit
and wait. Like it was, it was really hard. But I was really like, wow, I am like so weak. I can't
even lift this little amount of weight. That's awesome. I've been doing the backward walking stuff,
the knees over toes guy. Yeah, me too. Like I put on the rock, because I've been going just for
rucks. I put on the rock and I've got like my son hat on and I'm walking backwards at the hill.
And I'm doing dual lingo at the same time. And I just know my neighbors think I'm the biggest
asshole in the world. But I got it. I got it. I got to clip that and send it to that guy that was
ranting about you. What? Oh, the Northern guy that was like this tech bro. Yeah, imagine hearing
about you walking backwards, not walking you all because you're carrying weights.
Rucking. Yeah, I've got the weight on my back. I've got my sunglasses in this giant, like,
you know, like the giant hats that keep the sun on your neck. Of course, there's Florida. I know
one of those on. Yeah. Oh, yeah, of course. Yeah. But you don't have to worry about sun,
remember, you can't sunburn. So you've probably never worn one. Now I am kind of worried after
I visit. Do you use your phone when you go for a walk? Like, are you just looking at your phone
while you're on a walk? I'm usually walking Zuko, which makes it a little bit more challenging,
because it's like a more active thing than just walking. And I'm walking with Liz. So
it'd be weird if I was on my phone. Oh, okay. So I walk, I walk alone and I try to do stuff on my
phone while I'm walking, because otherwise it's very hard to spend an hour with your own thoughts
walking around doing nothing else. Yeah. Well, I always listen to something. I don't, I don't have
my own thoughts. I don't take headphones out. I don't have I don't really have. You just always
have one. No, no. I'm saying I don't like when I leave the house, I don't wear headphones ever.
I just I just don't ever. Yeah. People found this weird because especially when I was living in
New York, it's just not something that people do. When everyone goes out in the subway, whatever,
they have something in their ears. I just never picked up that habit. So I don't know.
Every time if I have to go to the grocery store, if I have to go anywhere for an errand or something,
I'm always listening to something. And now it just occurred to me. I'm that guy from like 15 years
ago with the big like jawbone, like Bluetooth headset on walking around the store. Oh, no,
it's a little better because it's an air pod and she's kind of in your ear. But I'm that guy,
who's like, I'm too busy to just like. But that's everyone now. I guess. Yeah, maybe not here in the
Ozarks. I don't see a lot of people listening to something at the grocery store. Have you tried
not doing that? Because I just think about like work. I like, I guess I could try kind of work
in my head and as much as I can. I think about random stuff. Yeah, I guess I do that sometimes.
Sometimes I go for a walk without anything. If I'm working through a problem, it's kind of like an
extension of work. Yeah, exactly. I should try it. Maybe I do have thoughts and I just have
thoughts. You can maybe maybe this was stopping you from having just the most brilliant thoughts
ever. Maybe this is why my attention span. Yeah, I'm gonna have tons of brilliant thoughts now.
I just don't listen to stuff. Well, yeah, you need to give space for your mind to think, you know,
on his own. I don't know. I think it's the opposite. I think when I listen to like a lot of the books
I listen to, that expands me into all kinds of things that I just wouldn't have thought of otherwise.
So like, it's the only way I get any outside influence. Well, you're using books wrong. Here's
my thread on how to use books right. Oh boy. One shot that one down. Lean into the tech,
bro. I want you to go more extreme because I feel like there's like so much untapped humor here.
Oh, there is. But at the end of the day, I don't know how funny it is. If like this all came out of
me writing a serious post that was basically just as bad as anything I would make a joke about.
Yeah, you're naturally a joke. You know what I mean? Okay. Okay. You know what I mean? Like,
is it funny if I keep exaggerating and like try to make even worse ones when like the first one
was arguably just as bad and it was real? I don't know. Now you're thinking about this is also funny.
Like this is also part of the universe. Okay, I'm done. I'm not I'm not gonna lean into it anymore.
I'm gonna counter whatever you want me to do. I'm gonna do the opposite. If you want me to do it
more, I'm gonna stop. Okay, I think that's my best move. But I will take your movie recommendations.
So if you want to send those over. Yeah, and don't be afraid. If you watch and you hate it,
it's fine. I'm not going to feel bad. I just I just want to go. I just want to shot. I want
to shot at entertaining you. Okay, I like it. Yeah, I like you taking your shots. All right,
I got a P and worked out. Enjoy. We'll see you next time. Yeah.